after 3 months of preparation six full
rewrites and then as well as enough
caffeine to a small child I finally
finished the content Bible and now that
it's done I have 100% confidence and I
have no problem saying that this is
probably going to be the most valuable
YouTube video that you will ever watch I
think that this like 70 minute video is
going to be more valuable than most of
the social media coaches courses out
there I just don't see a world to where
this video is not going to Value you
imentally and if you implement what I
give you I promise you that you will get
results I you be the judge and let's
just go and get started welcome to the
content Bible now before I go any
further I want to go ahead and
preference that this will not be an
entertaining video this isn't going to
be one of my short form videos there
won't be any cool edits entertaining
hooks or anything of the such in this
video I will be mechanically breaking
down on how to build your personal brand
to win 100K followers within 6 months
but not only how to build your personal
brand but how to monetize your product
or service on autopilots by utilizing
social media so if you're looking for a
video just to pass time I promise you
that there are better ones out there but
if you're looking to grow your [__] on
social and make money in the process I
promise you that this free YouTube video
will be better than every single course
that these social media guys will ever
put out and don't just take my word for
it here are my credentials on the date
of October the 6th I've grown my
Instagram from 0 to 270,000 followers
within 8 months I have more viral
educational videos than I can count I've
posted 127 videos and across those 127
videos I've accumulated 33.5 million
views if you do the math this means I
average 260,000 views per video which is
pretty much unheard of in fact it is so
unheard of that if you were to take
literally any social media coach and
average out their views per video and
then multiply whatever that number is by
two that number quite literally wouldn't
even be half of mine but that's not the
craziest part you can literally take
three social media coaches no matter who
they are and average out all three of
their views per video and they combine
whatever number that is and it's still
wouldn't even be close to mine but just
to show you that this wasn't a fluke and
that I can do it for other people
including you here's one of my past
clients named Christian within 5 months
we took Christian's accounts from zero
followers and a brand new account all
the way to 130,000 followers Within
These 5 months literally the first ever
video that we helped him create almost
got a million views but maybe that was a
fluke let's look at another client this
is Brian another account that we took
from zero followers all the way to
23,000 followers within 2 and 1/2 months
but maybe it was a fluke so let's look
at another Brian we took this Brian more
specifically Brian mark from 20,000
followers to 85,000 followers in just 6
months and of course who gives a [__]
about views Brian Mark went from only
making 800k a month to a million a month
within that time period but maybe that
was just a fluke I've even coached other
social media coaches from 0 to 65k
followers in Just 4 months I can do this
for a while but let's stop it here let's
talk about who this video is meant for
if you sell digital offer SL service
through the internet but once to sell
more of it at a higher price while doing
less work you can keep watching if you
run an online business with a digital
offer and want to add an extra 20 to 50K
monthly Revenue within the next 90 days
without having to spend any money to
acquire new customers you can keep
watching if your competence in your area
of expertise have results proving it and
want to package your expertise and sell
it at a premium pricing while leads
flock to you and want to package your
expertise to sell it at a premium
pricing while Le flock to your funnel on
autopilot you can keep watching if you
are willing to take the time to build an
evergreen personal brand that will pay
you dividends for the rest of time and a
lot of people would say yes they are
committed to building a personal brand
but very few are willing to do what it
takes so if you're not afraid of
learning a new skill and putting in the
work you can keep watching so now that
you know that this video is for you
here's what the content Bible entails it
entails the media starter kit which will
be your content creation Hub to organize
and systemize your content it entails
the content creation principles which
will simplify your content strategy into
three different components it entails
content market research giving you the
Timeless blueprint to generating
infinite content ideas it entails
creating a viral video explaining the
proven formula to creating viral
educational videos it inails finding an
editor giving you the complete guide to
finding a professional and affordable
video editor it entails growth hackers
which will optimize your post for more
engagement and lastly it entails
monetizing your audience giving you the
blueprint to inevitably converts viewers
into customers so without further Ado
let's open up the first page of the
content Bible the media starter kit that
we're about to give you is going to be
your content creation Hub this is how
you're going to organize and systemize
the entire A through Z content creation
process and notion taking you from
having absolutely no idea on what you
even want to create the video about to
scheduling out your mechanical
engineered viral video onto your content
calendar so with that being said go
ahead and get your media starter kit by
just go ahead and clicking here or if
you want to you can just click the link
in the YouTube description below now we
will be using the media starter kit
later in the video so just go ahead and
pause the video and go ahead and grab it
now in this video I'm not going to go
over the whole media starter kit just
for the time purposes of this video I'm
just going to give you guys a quick
overview and then move on to the rest of
the content Bible all right like I said
this is going to be you a quick overview
however at the top of the page here if
you click on the toggle list at the
video tutorial this video tutorial will
take you through all the ins and outs of
the media starter kit this video is a
must watch after you get done watching
this YouTube video plus if you watch
this video there's also a little gift
that you'll find anyways let's move on
to the overview all right so under the
video tutorial you have my quote when
creativity flows even the universe stops
to admire and then under that you have
your navigation tab as you might assume
these are the list of buttons that will
help you navigate through the media
starter kit so let's start off by making
a new post and then once you make a new
post you can choose from four video
templates we're going to go with the
Disney template and as you can see it
gives you pretty much everything you
need including the structure of the
video template that we give you we'll
get into this in a longer video tutorial
but anyways you can go ahead and just
back back out and now you created a new
post you'll see it in your content
tracker you have five different video
statuses to track you have your draft
you have your ready to record you have
the editing stage you have the ready to
post and then you have the posted and
then you can also schedule out your
content so if we go back to the Disney
templates and open it in a quick view we
can go to the top property target post
dates and then click on empty and then
let's say we want to schedule the this
post for the 19th so now that we have it
scheduled for the 19th we can exit the
quick view and then we can find the
monthly View and as you can see it
scheduled out for the 19th and then back
to the navigation buttons you have the
creater list which we'll go through
later on in the video you have your hook
Library which will give you 50 viral
hooks that you can copy and use on your
next video and then you have the video
template Library basically giving you a
structure for your script to ensure you
record a quality video and then you have
the medium Master send button we'll get
into that a little bit later but that's
is the overall quick VI so now let's
move on to the most important portion of
the content Bible cont content creation
principles if you watch a bunch of
videos on how to grow on social media
you're going to hear a lot of [__]
to making content creation more
complicated than it actually is I can
promise you that you don't need to use
trending hashtags you don't need to use
trending sounds and anybody telling you
different is trying to sell you some
[__] or lying to you content creation
can literally be simplified into three
things and these three things are the
only three things that you need to focus
on these three things are vnb value
oriented niched down and a broadened
Niche these are the only three things
that you need to focus on whenever it
comes to creating content content so
let's expand on the vnb starting off
with making your content to Value
oriented as cliche as it sounds social
media is just a game to win the world's
attention and the creators that give the
most value to the world wins that game
now realistically you're not Kim
Kardashian no one really gives a [__]
about you or what you're doing people
only truly care about what they can
benefit from you for example sit there
and think about why you're watching this
video the point of this being give out
your best value for free and if you
don't know what a valuable video looks
like here's the valuable video checklist
that I buy by for pretty much all of my
videos first being you must give
actionable tips that someone can take
and Implement within 24 hours and get
some sort of noticeable results from
second being it must abide by the $5
rule would you pay $5 for the
information within your video if the
answer is no then it's probably not a
good video and last on the checklist
number three it has to be Niche related
which brings us to the next part of the
vnb structure you need to Niche down 80%
of the social media gurus will tell you
to not Niche down they tell you to go AB
Brad and post about yourself and your
interest and your dog and just [__] that
people don't care about personally I
think that's [__] stupid literally
the only reason why they telling you
this is because they themselves cannot
get views on their Niche videos let me
ask you this would you rather have
100,000 views on a video you posted
about a funny story of yours or would
you rather get 100,000 views on a niche
video of you display your competence and
your expertise can promise you that one
of those videos is going to make you a
[__] ton more money than the other
realistically the only reason why you
would ever go broad with your videos is
because your Niche videos aren't getting
enough attention and to that I say do
not compensate for the short term and
improve for the long term if you want to
grow your personal brand exponentially
and make a [__] ton of money in the
process you need to become the niche
think about it you don't know me as
Devon jao you know me as the content guy
and that's because I became the niche
Alex Orosi he became the gym owner Niche
and then he became the increased
conversion Niche and then he became the
general business Niche another example
Grant Cardone he became the real estate
Niche you need to Niche down and become
the niche now I'm sure you're probably
thinking this all sounds great but how
do I get views on my Niche content and
to that I'll answer with the last part
of the vnb you need to broaden your
Niche the biggest mistake that I see
entrepreneurs make whenever they first
start creating content is that they only
focus on creating videos to Target their
ideal client now of course we're all
trying to grow a business not become a
[__] celebrity so it makes logical
sense to create content only targeting
the people who can pay you but the sad
part is you can't that's the algorithm's
job however you can use the algorithm to
your advantage let's say you make a
short form video and naturally the hook
to your video is if you're a mom and you
want to lose 20 l in just 3 months watch
this video obviously this video would be
directed to your ideal client let's
imagine 1,000 people watch that video
and 5% of the viewers that watch that
video or overweight moms that's 50 idle
clients watching your video now let's
look at it from a different angle in
this example you're still a fitness
coach that targets overweight moms but
let's say for a short from video your
Hook was this if you want to lose fat
and build muscle here are three secret
workouts that I do just that now that
video is directed towards a person who
wants to lose fat and build muscle which
is [__] everybody on the plan Planet
so now this video appeals to a much
broader audience which means naturally
it'll get more reach so let's say this
video with the broader hook gets around
50,000 views but instead of 5% of the
viewers being your idle client let's say
it's only 2% that's 1,000 idle clients
that just watched your video which is
950 more than your targeted video so
yeah you need to brought in your Niche
and who you're targeting for example
let's look at one of my clients in media
Mastery this is Christian and he sells
an affiliate marketing program but even
though he sells a program teaching
affiliate marketing he has never ever
ever started off his video talking about
affiliate marketing he always starts off
his videos talking about how to make
more money because that is a broader
Niche not everyone wants to start
affiliate marketing however most of the
people in the world want to know how to
make more money and you can even see
this on my own content I don't create
content about how to grow your business
on social media I create content on how
to grow your social media I create
content on how anyone can grow their
social media not everyone has an online
product or service that fits the
criteria to join my program media
mastering however everyone wants more
followers and within that really broad
group of people I find my idal clients
which is why you need to focus on the
vmb make your content value oriented
Niche down and become that Niche and
then brought in that Niche and now that
we've gone over the content creation
principles it's time to begin our
content market research now there's only
a few things that I want to ingrain deep
into your brain whenever it comes to
cring content and one of these things is
the following quote if you steal from
one author it's plagiarism if you steal
from many it's research let that sit in
for a second everything is a remix of
what's already been created and the best
way to perform on social media is to get
inspiration from what's already working
don't try to throw [__] at the wall and
attempt to reinvent the game instead
learn the rules to the game and then
abuse them to win you need to find
content ideas that have already proven
to perform well on social media and to
do so there are two main platforms to
look at and as you might have guessed
these platforms are Instagram and Tik
Tok we're going to use these platforms
to find and document creators within
your Niche that are already doing well
on social media and then we're going to
look for the highest performing videos
that way we can research now for this
you're going to want to open up your
media starter kits and then find your
way to the Creator list page this is
where we will be documenting all the
creators and ideas that we find during
our research so assuming that you
already know some creators who are doing
well within your Niche pause the video
and then add those creators to your
creator list for example I'll add one of
the Media Master coaches step Miller to
this list because his content performs
quite well all right now that you're
done dumping those creators onto your
list let's begin with your research now
like I said there are two main platforms
that are the best for finding ideas and
creators Instagram and Tik Tok now
whenever it comes to audiation I'm just
going to go ahead and tell you that Tik
Tok is easily the better option out of
the two so let's begin there first you
want to search up some common key words
that would describe your Niche it's not
rocket science for me it would be
content marketing once the results pop
up just scroll through the search until
you see a video that pops out to you
watch a couple of those videos and keep
scrolling until you find a creator that
is clearly a good Creator to get
inspiration from once you find that
person go ahead and open up their
account for example I was scrolling
through my search and I found this video
by Steven Miller so we're just going to
go ahead and open up his account now
that you're on the Creator's account you
want to sort their videos from most
viewed to least viewed that way you can
find the best performing ideas on this
Creator's account for this just download
the Chrome extension sort for Tik Tok
you can either click the link here or
just go to the Google Chrome extension
store and then search for sort for Tik
Tok once you have the tool installed to
your Google Chrome go ahead and fire it
up and then sort the crest views from
most viewed to least viewed so as you
can see these videos perform quite well
for Steven so I'm going to go back to
the media starter kit and in the Creator
list page I'm going to open up the
individual Steven Miller's page that we
made at the beginning whenever we were
dumping all the creators that we already
knew and then copy and pasted links to
the top 10 performing ideas that I want
to derive inspiration from so for
example I really like this idea so I'm
just going to go and copy it over to the
video link tab so for example I really
like Steph's idea on how to get more
story views so I'm going to take this
idea to his individual page and then
name this idea boost more story views
I'm going to write out the topic which
is social media and then in the video
link category just go ahead and copy and
paste the link to the video now once you
have your T of more ideas from the
Creator that you're currently
researching then go ahead and rinse and
repeat this process until the wheels
fall off now I will say after a while of
doing this it will get harder and harder
to find more creators when that happens
then you want to start looking at who
those creators are following because
typically they follow people within
their Niche now you can do this on Tik
Tok just go to the person's account and
then click on their following or
typically they just follow a bunch of
funny cat accounts so I would say this
is where you want to move your research
over to Instagram most of every creator
has their Instagram link to their Tik
Tok so you can literally just click
their link and begin looking through
their following on in Instagram after a
bit of scrolling through their following
on Instagram you'll notice that it's
pretty clear you'll see pretty clearly
on who is someone that you need to take
a look at and who's not solely based of
their Instagram display name now the
reason why Instagram probably isn't the
best platform for inspiration is because
there's not an easy way on how to sort
Instagram real videos from most viewed
to least viewed there are a couple ways
by using the tool talk backup and then
utilizing some of the AI accelerators
that we have within our program but
that's a different topic for a different
day once the method drives out of
scrolling through the Creator's
followers you could use the same search
search promps that used on Tik Tok to
find new creators that way on the
Instagram search but honestly the search
engine on Instagram is pretty bad so I
wouldn't waste too much time on that but
once it's all said and done you should
have around 20 creators on your creator
list with at least 10 really solid video
Inspirations from each creator that is
literally 200 video ideas you're welcome
but now that you have all these video
Inspirations you need to script them out
which moves us to creating a viral video
but now that we got that out of the way
let's get into explaining the proven
forward to creating viral educational
videos creating an educational viral
video is literally a two-step equation
and it's really [__] simple Peak
Interest plus deliver value equals viral
educational video now is that's easier
said than done 100% but is it really
that simple also 100% so let's start
with the first part of the equation Peak
Interest there's no reason to over
complicate content creation you piak the
viewer's interest with your hook now
lucky for you there are 50 viral hook
ski to te within your media starter kit
but back to peing the interest of your
viewers there are a bunch of different
ways you can do this I think in medium
Mastery we go over 17 different hook
types but in in this video we're going
to go over the main three you have your
negative hook you have your desirable
hook and then you have your
controversial hook and here's an example
of all three a negative Hook is just
speaking to an uncomfortable emotion or
situation a desirable Hook is just
speaking to an ideal emotion or
situation and a controversial Hook is
either validating or challenging
someone's opinion but if those
definitions aren't clear enough here are
some examples a negative hook would look
something like you are never going to
lose weight by eating like a fat ass and
then you have your desirable hook here
are three secret workouts that will
sculpt you into looking like a God and
lastly you have the controversial hook
no matter what these Fitness gurus tell
you you cannot spot reduce belly fat and
there you go it's that [__] easy now
those three are what you call verbal
hooks but just using a verbal hook won't
get the job done anymore on social media
you need to accompany your verbal hook
with a visual hook the reason why is
because 65% of people claim that they
are visual Learners and for men that
number is even higher the hook that's
written out on the screen I would argue
is more important than your verbal hook
here's what the verbal hooks look like
accompanied by a visual hook Now to
create a visual hook it's quite simple
all you need is one power word which is
an emotional driving word so for example
stupid if I called you stupid you would
have some sort of emotion towards it the
words on screen need to be between four
and seven words there needs to be one
graphic either representing what they're
going to learn in the video borrowing
the interest of something that's more
popular than you which is what I did for
this hook I don't really know what this
cartoon is called but I know it's
popular or the graphic needs to
represent an emotion from your video and
then this isn't in a normal visual hook
but if you do have a series video then
you want to put the series number or the
series part and that is it all you need
is a good verbal hook and a good visual
hook over a good topic and you will Peak
someone's interest so now that we Peak
the viewer's interest let's move on to
the second part of the equation deliver
value now you can deliver value in a
million different ways but again let's
go the top three main ways you can do a
step by step which are quick hacks
alternative options or how-to videos you
can give insights with your Trends
mistake to avoid and the wisdom within
your expertise that you've gained over
the years and then three tools and
resources this could be literally almost
anything whether it's a website an
application or a niche utilization by
Niche utilization I mean um let's say
for examp for example for me it would be
the camera that that's a piece of
equipment that I bought if you're a
finish trainer for example it might be a
adjustable dumbbell that you use just
any kind of tool or resource that will
bring value to your audience and that's
it it's that [__] simple don't over
complicate it viral video formula Peak
Interest plus deliver value equals viral
educational video but of course you're
going to need someone to edit these
viral videos which brings us to finding
an editor let's walk to the guide on how
to find an affordable and also more
importantly a professional video editor
for your content this is by far the
hardest part of creating educational
content now don't get me wrong finding
an editor is easy almost a little bit
too
easy but finding an editor that can
visually depict your ideas and thoughts
in a qualitative manner now that's
[__] hard now I'm not going to try to
pitch my [__] but I do know a lot of you
guys will ask yes we do offer editing
Services if you do want to skip this
part you know where to find me just give
me the word editing and we'll go from
there but back to the point here's
exactly how you're going to find a
diamond in the rough Video Editor to
professionally edit your videos all
right so Facebook is always going to be
a decent and Rel relable way to find
your video editor now there are two ways
that you can recruit editors from
Facebook you can either a join a bunch
of editor Facebook groups and post job
postings or B you can steal the
applicants from other job postings or if
you're feeling frisky you can do both
either way you need to join as many
relevant editor Facebook groups as
possible and of course we want the good
work for cheap so whenever you're
searching for a Facebook group I would
always try to Target Philippine editors
or Indian editors so let's start we're
searching Philippines editor at the top
left all right and then we're going to
filter out the search by groups so right
here and as you can see there are a
bunch of Facebook editor groups from the
Philippines that you can go recruit from
all right so what you want to do from
here is you want to apply to as many
groups as possible now me personally I
always fill out the application as if
I'm the editor and I do this because
firstly I noticed that I get accepted at
a much faster and higher rate and that's
just because some of these groups want
to be video editing groups they don't
want it to be a a job posting or a
recruitment Channel they just want it to
be video editing all right so once
you're here all you want to do is pretty
much apply to every single group that
you can and join as many as possible so
for example I'll just click join and
then from that I I will have some sort
of application that I need to fill out
typically you need to fill it out as if
you're an editor yes you're going to
have to fake that you're an Editor to be
able to post draw posting within the
groups and then once you fill out the
applications just go ahead and submit
and then do this for as many groups as
possible then whenever you get accepted
it's time to start posting your jobs
once you're sitting on the Facebook
group homepage all you want to do is
just scroll down just a tad and then
you'll see this little tab here write
something just go ahead and click that
and then from there you can type out
your drop posting now inmediate Master
you spend a lot of time creating a
structure that I cannot give you however
I will tell you that you do need to
include pay in the job description
somewhere and I would always give them a
range of pay instead of just a set price
but anyways once you're done typing on
your job posting then you can go ahead
and post it and you're good to go rinse
and repeat your JW poting into other
groups and then sit back and then wait
for the good talent to reach out to you
now if you want a little bit more of a
proactive approach that takes a little
bit more time but is much much more
optimal then you can still applicants of
other job postings so in whatever
Facebook groups you joined search for
some of these keywords that are on the
screen here for example I'm going to
search for the word portfolio so as you
can see there are editors that will sit
here and post post their portfolios
within other people's comments and then
from that you can pretty much pick out
your favorite editors and then message
them your job posting that you made
beforehand and then if they're
interested from the job posting then you
can just send over a quick form and then
from that form you'll be able to see if
they're a good fit or not so as you can
see you can go through literally all the
other job postings that people are
creating and then look through the
comments and see who's posting their
portfolios so this one looks pretty
solid so what we can do is we can open
up the comments and after a lot of time
and a lot of pain you will eventually
find your diamond in the rough so now
that you have a viral video and it's
been edited by a professional editor
let's optimize the posting of this video
there's about 24 growth haers in media
Mastery and out of those 24 I'm going to
give you two of my favorites best time
to post and video SEO now the best time
to post is only applicable and relevant
to Instagram but for every other
platform it practically doesn't really
matter whenever you post and then you
have the video SEO and this is a game
changer no matter what platform you're
posting on now no matter what the best
time to post on Instagram is always
going to be when you're followers are
the most active preferably around 40
minutes before your Peak follower
activity this gives your followers time
to give that new video that you just
posted the initial traction that it
needs kind of like swingshot it into the
algorithm so here's how you can check it
all right so let's go Ahad and go over
to your profile view and then from there
go to professional dashboard once you're
in your professional dashboard go and
click on total followers and then from
there scroll all the way down if I click
on the little blue bar Ser it will tell
me exactly how many followers are active
at that time always look at my peak time
is 9:00 a.m. just because that's
whenever the initial trend of
exponential activity starts to go up a
little bit so what I do is I do 40
minutes before 9:00 a.m. which is 8:20
so yeah look for your peak time and it's
really that simple I mean you can go
through the different days and see if
the peak times changes most of the times
you have a really big following
typically the peak times always going to
be the same so now that you know your
best time to post let's move on to your
video's SEO now your video's SEO is
easily the most important growth hacker
SEO will not only optimize your post for
keywords that are often searched SEO
will also assist the algorithm in
identifying on who to showare your
content to so if you were to take a
second to look at one of my clients's
most recent videos let's use brand Mark
for example we'll search up three words
never to say on sale sales call so as
you can see our client Brian is ranking
first for the SEO keywords for never to
say these three words on sales calls so
you'll see he pops up first pops up
second now sadly we lost third uh
official Matt got that one but we are
fourth and what you'll notice is that we
don't even have the most attention on
our videos this one is only 50k but this
one down here has 780k it's not about
who gets the most views it's about who
has the best SEO so let's talk about it
now there are a bunch of different SEO
tactics that you can use for example you
can change the name of your file that
that way your video can rank in metat
tags and blah blah blah but the only
thing that you really need to focus on
is the description of your video now the
description of your video should be
split into three different parts your
caption hook your short keyword summary
and your hashtag selection so starting
off with your caption hook it should
only consist of a Max of 30 characters
it should be a short and intent grabbing
on line summary about what the video is
about and of course a depicting Emoji
alongside it and your caption hook
should be really exaggerated and then as
well as really polarizing and within
your caption NOK you need to hit to one
of two subjects either it needs to be
controver Rial or it needs to be
desirable so for example a controversial
caption hook would be do this to stay
poor and then a desirable example would
be money glitch in The Matrix now once
you have your caption hook down you want
to move on to your short keyword summary
and this is the meat and potatoes of
your description now in this summary you
want to write the four to five line
keyword summary using the most keywords
is possible now to find these keywords
you got to use a Tik Tok strategy that
way you're able to see what other people
are searching for within your Niche so
what you want to do is you want to open
up your Tik Tok on your phone you can't
do this on desktop from here just go
over to home and then click on the
search bar now that you're here all you
want to do is search for a niche that
best represents your video so for
example for me that's typically social
media marketing cool then from there
I'll just go and click search cool
you'll see all these videos pop up but I
don't care the only thing I'm looking
for is for this section right here that
says others searched for this will
literally give you all the most popular
Search terms within whatever Niche that
you looked up all right so from that you
want to go and screenshot this and then
write down every single one of these
keywords whether it's on a piece of
paper whether it's on Ocean whatever you
just want to write down every every
single one of these keywords now on a
piece of paper or on notion or however
you like to take notes now you want to
take all the search momps and then put
them into your keyword summary but you
need to do it as a quick summary not as
a keyword sprant so basically you just
want to summarize your post by using as
many of these search prompts as possible
now once you're done with your summary
all you have to do is select your
hashtags now hashtags are kind of tricky
I don't think that they do much however
they are good hygiene now the hashtags
that you want to choose for your video
typically depends on your video and what
audience you want your videos to be
shown to now to find your hashtags going
to do nothing new just look for the
videos that are already performing
within your industry for example if
you're a Fitness business coach you can
search online trainer and then click on
the top five most popular videos once
you go through the five most popular
videos just look for common hashtags
that fit your criteria and then you can
choose from there now the structure that
I recommend is three broad hashtags and
three narrower Niche hashtags and you
don't have to stick to the structure but
it is a good starting point and also
whenever you're choosing your hashtags
keep in mind that you most likely be
repurposing across platforms so don't
ever choose a platform based hashtag
such as sales talk or business talk so
here's an example for a Fitness business
coach so the broad hashtags would be
online coach online business and then as
well as entrepreneur and then the narrow
news hashtags would be fitness trainer
Fitness coach and then as well as
personal trainer now just combine these
three together and you'll have a
perfectly search engine optimized
description or caption or whatever you
really want to call it you made a viral
video then you had it professionally
edited and then you optimized it to get
the best possible performance now it's
time to monetize your incoming audience
let's go ahead and begin with going over
the blueprint to inevitably turn viewers
into customers now in this part of the
video I could have just chosen from the
million different monetization
strategies that we created for media
Mastery things like CTA conversion
tactics advertisement models content
serum automations content funnel
structures and blah blah blah but in
reality there's only one component that
matters more than any strategy that I
could give you and without this one
component none of the monetization
strategies that I would give you would
work in the first place without this one
component the whole operation of
building your personal brand will fail
and this component is value if the value
that you provide in your videos is
actually good then nothing else [__]
matters I promise you that no matter how
you monetize people will find a way to
buy your [__] if you can display that
you're as good as you say you are and I
know that's not what you wanted to hear
but stay with me if you can understand
what I'm about to explain to you this
will almost instantaneously make you
exponentially more money from your
content now as you probably know
consumers buy off the pre-assumption of
further value so to Circle back to
creating a viral video all you're doing
is speaking their interest and attempt
for them to pre-assumed that your video
is going to be more valuable than the
investment of their time and attention
and that's the first battle and it's a
harder one to win but if you win that
battle then you win will the war if
you're able to keep creating videos that
viewers deem more valuable than their
investment of time and attention
eventually you'll build up so much
pre-assumed value of what you actually
subscribe a price to also known as your
product no matter the size of their
investment into your product your
viewers will have no choice but to
pre-assumed that your product is more
valuable than the price of the product
itself to put this in caveman terms
giving out good good free [__] equals
curiosity towards your paid [__] in fact
it's exactly what I'm doing to you right
now whenever I introduce the media
starter kit on my stories I told you
guys that it would be the tip of the
iceberg in comparison to the content
Bible and that's say I fulfilled that
promise the content Bible is just the
tip of the iceberg in comparison to
Media Mastery now don't get me wrong
everything in this video is really all
you need I wanted to make the content
bable to give everyone a chance to get
access to good information that will
undoubtedly get them results and with
that being said if you implement
everything that I gave you within this
video and to actually give your effort I
promise you that you will get results
however there's levels to this [__] if
you want to accelerate your learning to
the new skill of content creation if you
want to accelerate the time in which it
takes to get results and if you want to
accelerate the time that it takes to
create content then media Mas will do
exactly that no matter what stage you're
at whether you're looking for a course
whether you're looking for a program or
whether you're looking to private access
to me I've never shared what we offer on
the internet before but there's the
first time for everything but starting
off with the first thing that we offer
the media Mastery course if all you
wants is knowledge Direction and
strategy on how to create the best
content possible teaching you all the
ins and outs including in-depth
step-by-step teachings and plug andplay
templates for your content then this is
for you we have a coursing platform with
over 40 modules breaking down literally
everything you could ever possibly want
from a Content creation course and just
to add icing onto the cake you also
receive the media OS after servicing 180
videos every single week for our agency
we took all of our perfected systems and
processes and created the best content
creation operating system on the
internet this includes the like 1,000
viral hook templates an editor's
dashboard to collaborate with all of
your editors you even get what we call
AI accelerators and this is where [__]
gets a little bit crazy we have AA
elevators that will literally script out
your entire video we have a elevators
that will automatically WR out the best
possible description for your video's
SEO and we even have AA elevators that
will simplify your script for easier
viewer consumption pretty much
everything you could ever think of this
course covers and everything that you've
never even thought about this course
teaches so if that is something that you
interested in feel free to message me
the the word course on Instagram and
we'll go from there but maybe you don't
want to do it by yourself maybe that's
just not your style and if that's you
then I'm sure you're really going to
like the medium Ashi program which is
why we created the medium mashy program
that way you don't have to do it by
yourself the medium mashy program is a
very private group of high performing
individuals all aim towards the same
goal making a [__] ton of money from
their content now whenever you join this
program of course you still receive the
medium Mastery course and as well as the
media OS but that's only scratching the
surface here's just a couple of the
benefits of becoming a Media Master
starting the list off with weekly q&as
with of course yours truly in these
weekly q&as we constantly go over social
media changes new content strategies and
exclusive medium Mastery content in
these q&as you're able to ask as many
questions as your heart desires and get
to complete Clarity for your content
Journey next on the list is the weekly
care package every single Monday you
receive a weekly care package of course
I want my members to be up to date with
all the content Trends so in these care
packages you receive the following every
single week you get 25 viral hooks you
get1 15 visual hooks you get five unique
money-making call to actions and so much
more moving on to the last thing on this
list probably being the most valuable
thing within the whole program daily
video critiques every single day you're
allowed to upload one video into the
video review portal now in this portal
me or another social media coach within
the program will leave lied feedback on
your videos every single day pretty much
giving you an infinite feedback loop and
with that comes constant Improvement so
if you're someone who wants clear
Direction a community of like-minded
individuals all working towards the same
goal and you want direct access to get
coached by the best then this is for you
oh and I almost forgot media Masters are
the only people on the planet that get
access to the Creator bundle and I look
at the Creator bundle as a time travel
machine for content of course in the med
Mastery course I will teach you how to
find ideas how to find the best editor
giving you all the best job posting
platforms and job forms and Etc and also
out to do your videos SEO however that
takes time and some people want to buy
their time back while still making 10x
on their investments from their content
sales so for those who just want to be
the face of the brand and not really
worry about anything else whenever it
comes to creating content we handle it
in the create a bundle you receive 28
videos a month edited by our
professionals you receive 15 ideas every
single week that are tailored to you and
your Niche by our content researchers
and we even do the SEO for every single
one of your posts that way all you have
to do is open up your media OS and have
videos to post with captions to copy and
paste so if you're interested in
becoming a Media Master feel free to
message me the word program on Instagram
and we'll go from there and then you
have those who just want direct access
to me now this is for people who really
pref refer the VIP service this of
course includes everything that was
mentioned before but it's much different
I can't disclose what this includes
however if this is you you know it's you
feel free to message me the word private
and we'll take care of you and lastly we
do have a bonus offer and we call it the
media bundle if you're not really
interested in learning the skill of
Consecration and you really just want
the Creator bundle then this is for you
the media bundle is the exact same thing
as the Creator bundle except you're just
not a part of the medium mhi program and
in case you forgot this includes 28
professionally edited videos 15 tailor
idea sent to you every single week
that's 28 videos a month by the way and
perfect SEO for every single video the
only difference between the creative
bundle and the media bundle is just the
price because you're not a Media Master
you will pay a higher price for the
media bundle but if all you want is to
wake up with the professional videos
handed to you feel free to message me
the words media bundle and we'll take
care of you so like I said no matter
what stage you're at we'll meet you
there anyways if you made it this far I
just want to say that I appreciate
everything that you all have done for me
and of course if you haven't noticed
this was a sess video for me this is
pretty much the only time that I've ever
mentioned my service in a video and I've
had this business for about a year now I
hope that you found value in this video
and I promise you that if you implements
what I gave you you will see results but
with that being said let's end it off
from that signature CTA as always
subscribe for more value